welcome to Truman State University
Darryl Holly and I'll be leading you on
a campus
but instead of just showing you around
campus like we usually do I'm going to
show you how to become a successful
German student so follow me this is my
guru wall where a lot of the science
kids study let's go on inside and see if
we can catch any good study habits any
labs that you can use to study and find
your own little study niche today you
can find different ways to study that
works for you you can read your textbook
down here you can study with the group
or you can use one of these into out
your rooms maybe teach a fake class and
it kind of sounds like someone's in here
so let's check it out
maybe we should find somewhere else to
study yes
make sure when you're finding your own
studying habit that it's a healthy one
never try to cram hours of studying the
night before a test it doesn't allow for
your dendrites to grow
in order to be successful at Truman you
have to make sure that your stress
levels stay low and a great way to keep
those stress levels low are to stay
healthy and exercise at the Rec Center
if you're not a huge fan of working
inside Truman State's campus has so many
opportunities to work outside
now maybe you're not into exercising but
there are also other opportunities to
let go of stress positively
being a good student is very important
but you also need to balance your time
and do things that you enjoy if you
don't like playing outside you can
always play inside
it is very important to enjoy I was like
I couldn't see